Syntax corrections & typos (#128347)
Azure/azure-content: articles/service-bus-messaging/authenticate-application.md

1. Provide a description for the secret, and choose the wanted expiration interval, and then select **Add**.

    :::image type="content" source="./media/authenticate-application/add-client-secret-page.png" alt-text="Screenshot showing the Add a client secret page.":::

> 1. Immediately copy the value of the new secret to a secure location. The full value is displayed to you only once.

Reviewer: Needs a blank line.

```suggestion

1. Immediately copy the value of the new secret to a secure location. The full value is shown only once.
```
